My quiz results determined that I am a visual learner. I definitely agree with these results and think that I benefit the most when I am able to learn with a visual aide. For me, one of my biggest struggles in school is lectures and instructions that are solely auditory. I have a really hard time maintaining focus and accurately recalling information. I have always really benefitted from reading, hands-on learning, and images or videos to accompany audio. I think that learning styles are really important and stem from different unique characteristics of individuals. For me, I struggle with ADD, and this is a huge factor in my inability to learn effectively when it comes to auditory resources. 

After reading the article The Problem with “Learning Styles”, I strongly disagree with the opinion that learning styles do not matter. While the article was trying to explore the idea that outcomes are best when instructional techniques align with individuals’ learning styles, they seemed to completely redirect their focus to how well  and how much students are choosing to accommodate themselves. The article seemed to be more focussed on the idea that students who claim to have learning preferences are just too lazy to study, instead of actually looking into the correlation of performance and accommodated learning.


My learning style results: 
If you are a visual learner, you learn by reading or seeing pictures. You understand and remember things by sight. You can picture what you are learning in your head, and you learn best by primarily visual methods. You like to see what you are learning.
As a visual learner, you are usually neat and clean. You often close your eyes to visualize or remember something, and you will find something to watch if you become bored. You may have difficulty with spoken directions and be easily distracted by sounds. You are attracted to color and spoken language (like stories) rich in imagery.
Here are some things that visual learners like you can do to learn better:
Sit near the front of the classroom. (It won't mean you're the teacher's pet!)
Have your eyesight checked on a regular basis.
Use flashcards to learn new words.
Try to visualize things that you hear or things that are read to you.
Write down key words, ideas, or instructions.
Draw pictures to help explain new concepts and then explain the pictures.
Color code things.
Avoid distractions during study times.
Remember that you need to see things, not just hear things, to learn well.


